content/assignments: Add "Lambda Function Loader" hackathon (#32)
cs-pub-ro/operating-systems: content/misc/rules-and-grading.md

Up to TODO-num-teams teams will be selected.

#### Regulations

1. Versioned code must be added to a **private** repository using the faculty's [GitLab platform](https://gitlab.cs.pub.ro/).
Create a private repository, add the supervising assistants, and include a README with the team composition.
The supervising assistants and their GitLab accounts are:
    - TODO-assistant

1. The code must pass a set of tests provided by the OS team.

##### Submission

Submissions will be uploaded on [Moodle](TODO-moodle-link).

- A submission consists of a `.zip` archive containing the directory `operating-systems/content/assignments/lambda-function-loader/` (with directories `tests` and `src`).
- The archive is uploaded by one team member only.
- In `operating-systems/content/assignments/lambda-function-loader/`, there must be a `README.md` file containing:
  - team composition
  - GitLab link
  - implementation details;
  each extra functionality requires a description, approach, and testing method.

#### Awards

Each member of the winning teams will receive a prize based on their ranking:

> 1. TODO: prizes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First place: 900 RON gift card.
2. Second place: 800 RON gift card.
3. Third place: 700 RON gift card.
```

#### Equivalence

All participating teams are **eligible** for one point equivalence in the OS subject (depending on **implementation complexity and project stage developed during the hackathon**).

#### Winners Announcement

> Winning teams will be announced by TODO-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Winning teams will be announced by December 20, 2023.
```
